Vibing background music ♪
Here at movita juice bar we serve smoothies, acai bowls and juices
Our fruits and veggies are fresh
Movita is a really healthy place to come
Our smoothies and ? are more go to for like
substitution of meals if you love the gym this is a good place to come.
Our smoothies are really good in protein
We have two options, we have our plant-based and we also have our vanilla way.
We have flaxes, juices, hempseeds, anything you love to substitute entire smoothies or acai bowls.
Also if you want a little detox we have juices for detox here
If you're looking for a healthy meal or lunch
Come on down to Movita Juice Bar, we're located in long beach